5.0 - Document password definition criteria (#3855)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/users.adoc

Use a combination of the following fields:

Min Password Length::
Use this field to define the minimal length of password.

Max Password Length::
Use this field to define the maximum length of password.

Require Digits::
Use this field to specify whether the password must include the digits (0-9).

Require Lowercase Characters::
Use this field to specify whether the password must include the lowercase characters (a-z).

Require Uppercase Characters::
Use this field to specify whether the password must include the uppercase characters (A-Z).

Restrict Consecutive Characters::
Use this field to specify whether the restricted consecutive characters.

Require Special Characters::
Use this field to specify whether the password must include special characters.

Allowed Special Characters::
This field is enable only of the [literal]``Require Special Characters`` is selected.
Use it to specify which special characters are allowed, for example [literal]``!@#$%&*``, and others.

Restrict Character Occurences::
Use this field to specify restricted character occurences.

Max Character Occurences::
Use this field to specify maximum character occurences.

> Use button [button]``Save`` to save any of the changed password settings.
> 
> Use button [button]``Reset`` to change any settings to the default ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click btn:[Save] to save any of the changed password settings.

Use btn:[Reset] to change any settings to the default ones.
```
